Implement basic commands of linux (atleast 10)
Implement process related system call (FORK system call -> How it works)
Implementation of FCFS
Implement SJF and SRTF (Both in one)
Implement priority scheduling and round robin scheduling (two different prgms)
Implement LJF and LRTF
Implement Bankers algorithm to avoid deadlock




Implementation of Basic Linux commands :

1) sudo :- sudo allows a permitted user to execute a command as the superuser or another user, as specified by the security policy.  
	   The invoking user's real (not effective) user-ID is used to determine the user name with which to query the security policy.
	   sudo allows a permitted user to execute a command as the superuser or another user, as specified by the security policy.  The invoking user's real (not effective) user-ID is used       to determine the user name with which to query the security policy.
	   
2) mkdir :-Create the DIRECTORY(ies), if they do not already exist.


3) ls :- List  information  about  the files (the current directory by default).
       Sort entries alphabetically if none of -cftuvSUX nor --sort  is  specified.
       
4) cd :- Change directory, allows user to change to existing directory
	Note :- cd .. -> Allows to go back a directory
		cd ~ -> Allows user to hop back to the home directory
		
5) pwd :- Print working directory, is a shell builtin command that prints the current location. The output shows an absolute directory path, starting with the root directory (/).

6) cat :- The cat command (concatenate) displays the contents of a file in the terminal (standard output or stdout). To use the command, provide a file name from the current directory

7) touch :- The touch command's primary purpose is to modify an existing file's timestamp. 

8) cp :- The main way to copy files and directories in Linux is through the cp (copy) command
	Syntax : cp <filename><destination file>
	
9) rmdir :- Remove directory, is used to delete empty directory

10) rm :- Remove, this command is used in order to delete files or directories

